Problem explanation:
Covid rules change day by day, and sometimes communication between businesses or instutions can be lost with the public. Since covid changes day by day it makes it really hard for the public to constantly know the policies that are in place with businesses or instutions. With covid-19 there are county wide policies regarding covid, but even within those policies businesses or instutions can make unique ones that only effect their business. 
  



Problem Solution: 
Our Solution was creating a web application where all a consumer’s favorite business information on covid rules, adjusted hours, capacity and more, is in one place and combines that with a place where businesses can publish their information and reach as many people as possible.

Businesses can create an account where they list their business information such as name and location, as well as Covid restrictions. This data is saved in a database and is ready for the user to search and view.

The user is able to search a business by name. If the viewer would like to be notified if a specific business changes their rules, they can subscribe to a business and be emailed when a change occurs. This incorporates a very fast and effective way to deliver ever changing information to the consumer.  


How it works:
A consumer can go to our web application, and see all the latest changes that a business might have. We allow consumers to subscribe to a business, so that they get immediate updates if the business changes their covid rules. They can also favorite a business, so that they can find this business more easily the next time they get onto our application. This quick and effective method of getting all the recent covid information allows the consumer to never have to guess again on what the covid restrictions are for a business near them. 

On the business side you go to our web application, and create a business account. This allows you to put all the general information about your business on our web application as well as the unique information that consumers must follow in regards to covid-19. 
